README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Added Python FastAPI backend microservice for MedAI and project README

README.md, after:

# Nova Professional | Full-Stack Certification Portal

This project is a technical mockup for a premium medical certification portal, featuring a Next.js frontend and a FastAPI (Python) backend with RAG-simulated AI capabilities.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18+)
- Python (v3.9+)

### 2. Running the Frontend
```bash
# From the root directory
npm install
npm run dev
```
The dashboard will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

### 3. Running the Python Backend
```bash
# New terminal, from the root directory
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r backend/requirements.txt
python3 backend/main.py
```
The API serves at `http://localhost:8000`.

## 🧠 AI Integration (RAG Engine)
The **MedAI Assistant** on the dashboard communicates with the Python microservice. 
- The backend uses **FastAPI** to handle high-performance asynchronous requests.
- It simulates a **Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)** pipeline by analyzing user queries and retrieving context-specific metadata (e.g., CE credit requirements, Sunshine Act compliance).

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: Next.js, TypeScript, CSS Modules (Premium Glassmorphism)
- **Backend**: Python, FastAPI, Pydantic, Uvicorn
- **Ecosystem**: AI Agent Monitoring, Vector retrieval simulation, and professional medical knowledge graph.
